Regain your awareness of the slightly of the concentrate or meditation of in this lifetime.
That moment actually in the teaching scene, you really stop or you change the direction instantly.
So that time is so, so what's called, powerful, so crucial, but also slightly situation can change.
It's very easy because there's no mind nature of the physical and no any other also made it too
much.
And only your mind is alone now in a way and therefore it can change very easily, you know.
So therefore you use it as waking up, instantly you wake up, wake up that long kind of lightweight
dreams.
You wake up, moment you wake up in that moment and you connect to that what you work to are,
immediately that, that and then change the direction.
But somehow again we miss the, we didn't happen there then and the teaching sit here.
And now this is according to example taking birth in the human relationship.
Now still we distant because our mind is with us, our conscious is with us.
So therefore then single grade wish or single grade as pressures connect to family with our common
good kindness.
So that means our good practice in this lifetime.
Still, still, still and you, you can stop the warm birth or birth and go to the period as I said,
moment you wake up that.
But somehow if we miss that then we should try to be now have more pure perceptions.
And the pure perceptions are related with visualizations.
Visualization when we did this during the lifetime, we met it.
When you are the deity, we visualize the deity and this time again, we strengthen your
visualization, your perceptions.
And particularly in the teaching said, now you are going to take the good birth.
And good birth is again, can throw the kind of wind or throw the kind of consequence.
Our consciousness are wondering through that balance, around that balance.
That home we will become our parents.
So our consciousness wind is wondering around that balance, many times in the teaching said,
according to our karma.
Karma, if we are going to be as a girl, we start to have a little more attachment to the father.
Father and then let them all distant to the mother.
And we are going to become our karma as a boy, then opposite.
Let the attachment to the mother and let her distant to the father.
And that's what he in the teaching said.
The word jealousness, so let the jealousness attitude.
Jealousness attitude, jealous is of course we all know, jealous is the combination of attachment
and the angle or distant thoughts.
So accordingly our karma, and then that can happen.
If that happens, our life will be very emotional, very emotional, and very, very again, kind of
heavy cards.
So if we remind, if we remember our visualization, even if we didn't remember our visualization,
we try to involve love and compassion, body to the top that we can.
And then in the teaching said, if we can, jealousness, we realize where is the father, father and
mother goodness.
All the men and the female put up.
Where is jealousness? Where is the daughters? Where is the girlfriend or someone? Someone.
And we can realize that.
That moment that we concept it in the teaching said, then our conception will become very special.
Special, and then if that happens, that happens, then staying in the warm is all in a way with
awareness,
with the practices, practices.
And those many great master's life story, they meditate, they practice it, practice it.
And staying in the warm 10 months, according to that teaching, it is similar as a 10th building
status.
And you stay 10 months, and after 10 months you come, then 11th building is reaching in life.
It is all, there are other symbols, other signs, other kind of low key element that we can
highlight that.
Starting with the visualization as parent, as male and female Buddha or Guru, and that is very
special.
And then you have more awareness during the warm time, more clarity.
So that is the end of this Vada of the Become.